(lively guitar music)
♪ She's a good girl ♪
♪ Loves her mama ♪
♪ Loves Jesus ♪
♪ And America too ♪
♪ She's a good girl ♪
♪ Who's crazy 'bout Elvis ♪
♪ Loves horses ♪
♪ And her boyfriend too ♪
♪ And it's a long day ♪
♪ Livin' in Reseda ♪
♪ There's a freeway ♪
♪ Runnin' through the yard ♪
♪ And I'm a bad boy ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't even miss her ♪
♪ I'm a bad boy ♪
♪ For breakin' her heart ♪
♪ Now I'm free ♪
♪ Free fallin' ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm free ♪
♪ Now all the vampires ♪
♪ Walkin' through the valley ♪
♪ Move west down ♪
♪ Ventura Boulevard ♪
♪ And all the bad boys ♪
♪ Are standing in the shadows ♪
♪ And the good girls ♪
♪ Are home with broken hearts ♪
♪ Now I'm free ♪
♪ I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm free ♪
♪ Free fallin' ♪
♪ Free fallin', now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm ♪
♪ Free fallin', now I'm free fallin' now ♪
♪ I wanna glide down ♪
♪ Over Mulholland ♪
♪ I wanna write her ♪
♪ Name in the sky ♪
♪ I'm gonna free fall ♪
♪ Out into nothin' ♪
♪ Gonna leave this ♪
♪ World for a while ♪
♪ Now I'm free ♪
♪ Free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm free ♪
♪ Free fallin', now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free fallin', now I'm ♪
♪ Free fallin', now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free ♪
♪ Free fallin' ♪
♪ Oh, free fallin', now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free ♪
♪ Free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Oh, free fallin' ♪
♪ Free fallin', now I'm free fallin' ♪
♪ Now I'm free fallin', now I'm ♪